Hi. I'm Jackie Jackson, host of the Freedom Report, where every question is eternal. Should
women be allowed to vote? Can Black people do science? Is a cabal of Jewish elites colluding
with the Trilateral Commission to turn Atlantis gay? I guess we'll never know. The important
thing is that we never stop debating. Do vaccines cause feminism? Where do gay people come from?
What's really inside the moon? Fossils, are they real? Why is there no White History Month? What
if dreams are the real reality? Tonight we'll be debating the question, are trans women women? My
first guest is Tiffany Tumbles, host of the popular YouTube series Trans Tips with Tiffany.
Clarence, could we roll a clip? Hi fam, welcome to Trans Tips with Tiffany with new feminization
secrets every week to help you unlock your inner woman. This week I'll be demonstrating how women
eat barbecued ribs. So you have your rack of ribs and what men usually do is they just take a rib
and they just kind of dig in. Now some guys like it if you do that. They like a girl who's a little
bit messy but if you want to appear more feminine what you should do is just... Fuck. Wow, truly
inspiring. My other guest tonight is Abigail Cockbane, feminist activist and author of The
Trans Menace, Lesbian Genocide and the Rape of Feminism. So tell me Abigail, are trans women
really women? If by trans women you mean men who put on lipstick and invade women's spaces then no,
men are not women. Okay and Tiffany what do you say to that? Um do I really have to respond to
that? Well yes, yes you do. You're here to debate aren't you? The debate must commence Tiffany. The
debate must commence. Well I am a woman. I live my life as a woman. I wake up as a woman. I make love
as a woman. I experience misogyny like a woman. No no no no no no. Females are oppressed under
patriarchy because men want to control our wombs. Men impersonating women do not have wombs and they
cannot be oppressed on that basis. Well what about infertile cis women? Men don't want to control
their wombs but they still experience sexism don't they? Yes because being female means you're
assumed to have female reproductive function. Men do not try to control the reproductive function
of other men pretending to be women. I am not a man pretending to be a woman. When men cat-call
trans women, when they rape us, when they harass us, when they deny us employment, they don't care
that we don't have a womb. They only care that we're women. Well does any of that even happen?
I for one can always tell the difference between a real woman and a man in a wig and I'm pretty sure
so can men. Well you would know that it happens all the time if you were willing to listen to the
experiences of trans women but you're not willing to do that because you are a TERF. What did you
just call me? Yeah what does that mean? A TERF, a trans exclusionary radical feminist. That is a
vicious anti-female slur. You know it's really not. It's just a fact that that's what you are.
If anything it's too generous because there's nothing radical or feminist about your view.
What? You're a bad feminist. What did you say? Yeah this is a hot exchange of ideas. Keep it
going girls. You're a bad feminist. This is just reactionary gender essentialism with a radical
veneer. How dare you say that? I'll teach you a thing or two about gender essentialism. Gender
essentialism is the idea that wearing high heels and a miniskirt makes you a woman. I never wear
high heels or miniskirts. Why do you think trans women do this? Well Caitlyn Jenner. Not all trans
women are Caitlyn Jenner. A lot of trans women are very feminine because we have to be in order
for society to recognize us as women. But long hair and makeup is not what makes us women. This
is just one way of communicating a truth that comes from within. Right so any hairy man who
decides he feels like a woman one day can just strut around naked in a women's locker room with
his genitals flopping around and women who have been abused by men are expected to just allow that
in their safe space. Why is it always hairy and flopping genitals? Trans women as a group are the
most devoted body hair removers I've ever met and they're also some of the least likely to want to
flop their genitals in public. That doesn't matter. To a woman who has been abused the sight of male
genitals is still triggering. Wouldn't a sexual assailants genitals be hard instead of flopping? I
don't know but that's not the point. Trans women are not hairy men who decide to wave their genitals
at women. This is just some scenario you've made up in order to scare people into thinking trans
women are really just predatory men. I'm not making it up. It happens all the time. I can send
you at least a dozen Daily Mail articles about it. Oh the Daily Mail that radical feminist
publication we all love so much. I'm sorry can I interrupt here? It seems like the disagreement in
this exchange is about what it means to be a woman. Abigail it seems like the idea you're
bringing to the marketplace is that women are people with vaginas and Tiffany you're trying
to sell us on the idea that a woman is someone who fills the social role of a woman is that right?
Well not exactly. You can reject conventional social roles while still being a woman. That's
why I emphasize psychology. What matters is that you feel at ease with female embodiment
and ill at ease with male embodiment. Well I'm not at ease with female embodiment. Well would
you rather be in a man's body? Ew. No. The problem isn't my body and I'm not gonna mutilate my body
because I'm not delusional like you. The problem is the gendered assumptions that society projects
onto female bodies. If we abolish gender we'll also abolish gender dysphoria. But gender
dysphoria isn't just dissatisfaction with gender dissociations. I don't like my body being viewed
as a passive object any more than you do but that doesn't mean that I'm not dysphoric about
my male characteristics or that I don't prefer inhabiting a female body. But this preference
for a female body is nonsense. You are a male who wants to occupy a female body like a parasite
but you can't so you take pills that make you grow pectoral tissue and you paint your face like
a parody of exploited womanhood and even if you do decide to mutilate your genitals you'll still
have big hands and wide shoulders and you'll tower over females like a monster. Society needs to stop
enabling these ridiculous delusions right now and instead help you to get over the fact that
no amount of makeup and surgery can make you a woman.
That was some good free speech right there. I totally just came. Well hold on aren't you
the one defining womanhood with stereotypes? If wearing high heels doesn't make you a woman
why does having small hands? Because small hands are a result of the same biological features
that engender the female reproductive role for which women, females, are oppressed under
patriarchy. Well even if reproductive control is the original reason patriarchy oppresses women
reproductive capacity is not the criterion society uses when it comes to treating people like women
or men. You think because you identify as a woman society identifies you as one but you're wrong.
You can't just argue from your feelings. If you were a good feminist maybe you'd be willing to
listen to women's accounts of their own experiences but since you aren't we can rely on data.
Trans women experience employment discrimination and domestic violence at rates even higher than
cis women and are less likely to get victim assistance. Well even if trans survey data is
to be trusted being a victim still isn't what makes you a woman. But you said that having a
womb is the reason why women are oppressed which in many cases is demonstrably false. Just because
some men are victims of sexual violence doesn't mean that they're women. But if they feel like
women, live like women, and experience misogyny like women why is having a womb still more
important? Because that's the original reason women are oppressed in the first place. Even if
that's true it's not always the reason women are oppressed now. What reason could you have to
insist on this apart from pure transphobic prejudice? The reason is that words have to
mean something. I have a definition of womanhood that makes sense and that everyone understands
but you want to tell me that anyone who says they're a woman is a woman and that's the kind
of postmodern nonsense that makes it impossible to politically organize as women and as feminists
which leads to men taking over women's movements and women's spaces. Your assumption is still that
trans women are lying men pretending to be women for what purpose? To enjoy being potentially
rejected by their families, evicted from their homes, abused by the police, and raped in prison?
Why can't you just believe that some people might be radically uncomfortable with their assigned
gender or sex? Because one minute you're telling me that severe mental illness is what makes someone
transgender and the next you'll be asking me to accept that not all trans people transition
and that women with short hair are actually a third gender. This is counter-revolutionary
individualist nonsense that puts personal feelings over political structures. I'm not denying
political structures. I'm telling you that individual people interact with those structures
in ways that don't always correspond to whether or not they have a womb. Well give me a coherent
definition of gender identity that doesn't fall apart on examination and then maybe I'll be
willing to reconsider. Yeah Tiffany can you explain gender identity? I don't really get it.
If you're expecting some ultimate definition that perfectly accounts for everyone then you'll never
be satisfied. But Abigail has no room to talk. She just defined women as people with wombs.
Well what about women who get hysterectomies? They still have xx chromosomes. Well what about
women with Swyer syndrome who have a uterus but xy chromosomes? That's an aberration. Well god
damn it Abigail every definition is perfect if you ignore everything that doesn't fit the
definition. And if this shitty argument is the only reason you have to disregard the lived
experiences of thousands of trans women well it's hard for me to believe that's anything but
bigotry. Well honey I don't know if we need to be accusing anyone of bigotry but Abigail if you're
so smart then how do you know that she's not a woman?
Does thou bleed? What? Does thou bleed?
I do not menstruate out of my dick if that's what you're asking. Infiltrator never cast thou
into the sisterhood of the blind. Good I just want to pee I don't want to be part of your creepy
vagina cult. Oh and now vaginas are creepy this is exactly the kind of anti-female sentiment I've
come to expect from male feminists. Jackie I'm weary of this toilsome man. Shall we begin the
ritual of the blood? Oh is it that time already? Yeah sure let's do it.
Um what is going on? Well if you're a part of the true sisterhood then maybe you'd know that.
Farewell thou who dost not bleed.
So
so
Okay well I'm gonna leave now. Bye!